---
ID: 311
post_title: 'Terms &#038; Conditions'
author: jamescells
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  http://asbi.client-ux.co.za/legal/terms-conditions/
published: true
post_date: 2015-12-13 14:46:04
---
[spb_text_block animation="none" animation_delay="0" simplified_controls="yes" custom_css_percentage="no" padding_vertical="0" padding_horizontal="0" margin_vertical="0" custom_css="margin-top: 0px;margin-bottom: 0px;border-top: 0px ;border-left: 0px ;border-right: 0px ;border-bottom: 0px ;padding-top: 0px;padding-left: 0px;padding-right: 0px;padding-bottom: 0px;" border_size="0" border_styling_global="default" width="1/1" el_position="first last"]

<strong>African Snakebite Institute Website Disclaimer</strong>

Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern African Snakebite Institute relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website. The terms African Snakebite Institute or “us” or ‘we” refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 131 Matt street, Pretoriuspark, ext 26. 0167 Pretoria, Gauteng. Our company registration number is Registration number. 2012 / 208156 / 07.

The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of the African Snakebite Institute website and the related products and/ or services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of South Africa. Should you apply for any products or services on this website, you consent and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of South Africa in regards to all proceedings, actions, applications instituted by either party against the other and in any way arising from any of the stated terms and conditions. The information contained on this website is to provide you with information about African Snakebite Institute, our products and services. It is subject to change without notice. The information provided on this website should not be treated as investment or professional advice. We do not provide any warranty or guarantee, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy, availability, completeness and suitability of the information and products found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and products may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

While we have taken care to ensure that the content of this website is accurate and up to date, this website and the services accessible on this website are provided “as is”. Your use of any information, products or services on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. African Snakebite Institute reserve the right in our sole discretion to amend this website, the products, the information described on this website and the terms and conditions from time to time and you agree that you will review the terms whenever you visit our website for any such amendments. This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, logos, and graphics. You are authorized to view and download, print and make copies of such printouts provided that you use the material for personal and non – commercial purposes only. You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge this website as the source of the information and /or materials. You may not without African Snakebite Institute expressed written consent, distribute or commercially exploit the content. African Snakebite Institute makes no warranty as to the operation, availability or functionality of this website and we further make no warranty that the information and products available on this website are free of viruses, destructive materials or any other data which may corrupt or compromise the operation or content of your computer system, computer network, hardware or software. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Every effort is made to keep this website up and running smoothly. However, African Snakebite Institute takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control. From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or criminal offence.

[/spb_text_block]